---
title: Cultivating Experience for the Willamette Valley
date: 2019-11-07T03:30:49.127Z
featured_image: /img/uploads/red-room-03.jpg
featured_image_alt_text: Red chairs with glasses of wine on a table by a fireplace.
---
With the newly completed addition of guest suites, our  bed and breakfast  in Oregon wine country has had me thinking about the career events that have built up to this point. We have actually been preparing for years to be ready to welcome guests into our home, honing our skills in related industries in preparation for one of the biggest events of our lives.  I have spent 28+ years in the hotel industry at some of the nicest properties in the west, holding positions throughout several departments. Starting at the front desk, I moved up to director of sales and marketing and then on to general manager. I have kept all of this experience in mind while we work on creating a relaxing and memorable experience for our guests.

Starting at the Westin La Paloma in Tucson, Arizona I had a great introduction to the resort lifestyle, being able to provide numerous amenities for a wide variety of guests.  Then I had the wonderful opportunity to live in California and work at Meadowood Napa Valley.  There, we further elevated the guest experience while maintaining a focus on food and wine, and were able to personalize each guest experience.  It started at check-in where you were seated and then reviewed so that we could adjust your itinerary for your stay. Then we would share that information with the rest of our team (croquet professional, spa therapists, etc.) so that all of our people were prepared for your ensuing visit.  After this we returned to the Pacific Northwest and I had the pleasure to be at the Salish Lodge and Spa where we put a Northwest spin on our hospitality. Each of these resorts and teams of talented people taught me how we can accomplish the same goal of providing a high end guest experience in a different way based upon the environment in which we are located. This has all come together in Newberg, bringing the spirit of the Oregon wine country to every inch of our great room and guest suites.

While spending time in the hotel industry, I was always enamored with the world of wine as well.   Already having a keen appetite and a penchant for exploring various food dishes, I learned how wine could compliment the fabulous food I was enjoying.  I took the opportunity to learn more about the grapes, vineyards, terroir and impending juice that became wine.  So much so that I found my way to a winery where I worked for nearly eight years spending every weekend in a tasting room, sharing my knowledge with visiting guests and continuing to learn directly from the winemakers.  

Now here we are today, where I can take all my experience from hospitality, food, and wine and put it to use in our bed and breakfast in the heart of wine country in the Willamette Valley.  It just so happens that Pinot Noir is my favorite varietal and now I have the joy of being absolutely surrounded by it.  So really, we’ve been practicing for years and now we’re excited to share our warm and inviting bed and breakfast with you and look forward to learning even more about wine and food from your perspective.

\-Dan
